[OCPBUGS-74247]: Updating HCP fixed issue text (#112066)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/hcp-release-notes-fixed-issues.adoc

* Before this update, during the backup and restore process with OADP, the token secret was deleted before the `NodePool` object was restored. Then, the `NodePool` controller created a token secret without the `ignition-reached` annotation. Because nodes were already running, they did not contact the ignition endpoint again, so the annotation was never set back. As a consequence, the `ReachedIgnitionEndpoint` condition stayed `False`, blocking machine health check creation and disabling auto-repair for the restored node pools. With this release, when the `HostedCluster` object has the `hypershift.openshift.io/restored-from-backup` annotation set by the OADP plugin, the token secret is created with the `ignition-reached=True` parameter, preserving the condition across the restore process. As a result, after a backup and restore process, node pools correctly report `ReachedIgnitionEndpoint=True` so that the machine health check and auto-repair work as expected. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-77621[OCPBUGS-77621])

> * Before this update, when deploying hosted clusters with a 4.21 or later payload, the HyperShift Operator used hard-coded `quay.io` image references for the Cluster API manager and platform-specific Cluster API provider containers. These hard-coded images bypassed the standard release payload image lookup, which respects `ImageContentSourcePolicies` (ICSPs) and `ImageDigestMirrorSets` (IDMSs). As a consequence, in disconnected or mirrored environments, Cluster API images were always pulled directly from `quay.io` even when registry overrides were configured, causing image pull failures and preventing cluster creation. With this update, the backward-compatible Cluster API image references are resolved by looking up the component from a pinned 4.20.10 release payload through the standard release image provider, which correctly follows registry override configuration. As a result, Cluster API images are pulled from the correct mirror registry in disconnected environments. For this fix to work, the 4.20.10 release payload and its Cluster API component images must be mirrored to the `quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-release:4.20.10-multi` image.  (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-74247[OCPBUGS-74247])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, when deploying hosted clusters with a 4.21 or later payload, the HyperShift Operator used hard-coded `quay.io` image references for the Cluster API manager and platform-specific Cluster API provider containers. These hard-coded images bypassed the standard release payload image lookup, which respects `ImageContentSourcePolicies` (ICSPs) and `ImageDigestMirrorSets` (IDMSs). As a consequence, in disconnected or mirrored environments, Cluster API images were always pulled directly from `quay.io` even when registry overrides were configured, causing image pull failures and preventing cluster creation. With this update, the backward-compatible Cluster API image references are resolved by looking up the component from a pinned 4.20.10 release payload through the standard release image provider, which correctly follows registry override configuration. As a result, Cluster API images are pulled from the correct mirror registry in disconnected environments. For this fix to work, the 4.20.10 release payload from `quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-release:4.20.10-multi` must be mirrored to the target mirror registry.
```
